README.md, before:


## Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility) samples

This GitHub repository contains code samples that demonstrate how to use Amazon DocumentDB. Each sample includes a README file that explains how to run and use the sample.
  
## Samples

This repository includes samples for - 

- [Connect and query](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-documentdb-samples/tree/master/samples/connect-and-query) - Sample code for connecting to Amazon DocumentDB from Python, PHP, Node.js and Ruby (more coming soon)

- [Change streams](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-documentdb-samples/tree/master/samples/change-streams) - Sample code that shows how to use AWS DocumentDB change streams to stream events to ElasticSearch, Amazon Managed Stream for Kafka (or any other Apache Kafka distro), AWS Kinesis Streams, AWS SQS, and S3 using AWS Lambda

- [Lambda layers](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-documentdb-samples/tree/master/lambda-layers) - Sample AWS Lambda Layers

- [Lambda samples](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-documentdb-samples/tree/master/lambda-samples) - Sample AWS Lambda code for Amazon DocumentDB

- [Templates](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-documentdb-samples/tree/master/samples/templates) - Sample AWS CloudFormation stacks

- [Vector search](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-documentdb-samples/tree/master/samples/vector-search) - Samples of vector search functionality

## Get Involved

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md#security-issue-notifications) for more information.

## License

This library is licensed under the MIT-0 License. See the LICENSE file.

Commit message:

Update README.md - Adding support information.

README.md, after:


## Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility) samples

This GitHub repository contains code samples that demonstrate how to use Amazon DocumentDB. Each sample includes a README file that explains how to run and use the sample.
  
## Samples

This repository includes samples for - 

- [Connect and query](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-documentdb-samples/tree/master/samples/connect-and-query) - Sample code for connecting to Amazon DocumentDB from Python, PHP, Node.js and Ruby (more coming soon)

- [Change streams](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-documentdb-samples/tree/master/samples/change-streams) - Sample code that shows how to use AWS DocumentDB change streams to stream events to ElasticSearch, Amazon Managed Stream for Kafka (or any other Apache Kafka distro), AWS Kinesis Streams, AWS SQS, and S3 using AWS Lambda

- [Lambda layers](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-documentdb-samples/tree/master/lambda-layers) - Sample AWS Lambda Layers

- [Lambda samples](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-documentdb-samples/tree/master/lambda-samples) - Sample AWS Lambda code for Amazon DocumentDB

- [Templates](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-documentdb-samples/tree/master/samples/templates) - Sample AWS CloudFormation stacks

- [Vector search](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-documentdb-samples/tree/master/samples/vector-search) - Samples of vector search functionality

## Get Involved

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md#security-issue-notifications) for more information.

## Support

The contents of this repository are maintained by Amazon DocumentDB Specialist SAs and are not officially supported by AWS. Please file a [Github Issue](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-documentdb-samples/issues) if you experience any problems.

## License

This library is licensed under the MIT-0 License. See the LICENSE file.
